Java typed entity refs (#542)
cap-js/docs: java/query-api.md

### Entity References {#entity-refs}

> Entity references specify entity sets. They can be used to define the target entity set of a [CQL](../cds/cql) statement. They can either be defined inline using lambda expressions in the Query Builder (see [Target Entity Sets](#target-entity-sets)) or via the `CQL.entity` method, which is available in an untyped and a typed version using the generated [model interfaces](../java/advanced#model-interfaces). The following example shows an entity reference describing the set of *authors* that have published books in the year 2020:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Entity references specify entity sets. They can be used to define the target entity set of a [CQL](../cds/cql) statement. They can either be defined inline using lambda expressions in the Query Builder (see [Target Entity Sets](#target-entity-sets)) or via the `CQL.entity` method, which is available in an _untyped_ version as well as in a _typed_ version that uses the generated [model interfaces](../java/advanced#model-interfaces). The following example shows an entity reference describing the set of *authors* that have published books in the year 2020:
```
